Refs #474 -- Added SignatureReplay to general/build/smart-contracts/contract-security (#530)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/general/build/smart-contracts/contract-security/signature-replay.md

   }
   ```

3. **Using EIP-712 for Structured Data**:
Implement EIP-712 to create a more secure and structured data signing experience, which helps prevent signature replays across different contexts and contracts.

   ```solidity
   // Utilizing EIP-712 to create a typed structured data signature
   using EIP712 for bytes32;

   function eip712Mint(address recipient, uint amount, bytes memory signature) public {
       bytes32 structHash = keccak256(abi.encode(
           keccak256("Mint(address recipient,uint256 amount,uint256 nonce)"),
           recipient,
           amount,
           nonce
       ));
       bytes32 digest = _hashTypedDataV4(structHash);
       require(ECDSA.recover(digest, signature) == authorizedSigner, "Invalid EIP-712 signature!");
       _mint(recipient, amount);
       nonce++;
   }
   ```

You can find more detailed implementation guidelines and tools in [OpenZeppelin's EIP-712 documentation](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/5.x/api/utils#EIP712).

4.**Implementing CIP-23 for Cross-Chain Safety**:

> CIP-23 is an adaptation of Ethereum's EIP-712, designed to enhance security in cross-chain operations. It introduces specific measures to prevent replay attacks by including a unique chainId in the signature data, ensuring that signatures are only valid on their intended chain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIP-23 is an adaptation of Ethereum's EIP-712 for **Conflux core space**, designed to enhance security in cross-chain operations. It introduces specific measures to prevent replay attacks, ensuring that signatures for EVM-compatible chains cannot be replayed for Conflux core space, and vice versa. 
```
